README.md, before:

# Compass solr configuration files

In order to manage the solr configuration files for all three compass servers in a centralized way, we are putting them into separate location where we can version control them, and using symlinks to make them available in the various locations that they are needed.

## Installation instructions:

- Git clone this repository to /home/islandora on the server (dev, staging, production):
```
cd /home/islandora
git clone git@bitbucket.org:commonmedia/compass-solr-config.git
sudo mv compass-solr-config /opt/
sudo chown -Rv tomcat7:tomcat7 /opt/compass-solr-config
```
- Shut down tomcat
```
sudo service tomcat7 stop
```
- Run the install script:
```
sudo su 
./opt/compass-solr-config/install.sh
```
- Restart tomcat
```
sudo service tomcat7 start
```


## Update instructions
```
cd /opt/compass-solr-config
```
- Shut down tomcat
```
sudo service tomcat7 stop
```
- Git pull
git pull origin master
sudo chown -Rv tomcat7:tomcat7 /opt/compass-solr-config (if necessary)
```

```
- Restart tomcat
```
sudo service tomcat7 start
```

Commit message:

pat / master --- reworked scripts and readme - install.sh is now just used to make a backup of the original solr config files. - update.sh is now used for pulling the latest updates and writing them out to correct locations - README.md has updated instructions

README.md, after:

# Compass solr configuration files

In order to manage the solr configuration files for all three compass servers in a centralized way, we are putting them into separate location where we can version control them, and using symlinks to make them available in the various locations that they are needed.

## Installation instructions:

- Git clone this repository to /home/islandora on the server (dev, staging, production), and then move it into the `/opt` directory:
```
cd /home/islandora
git clone git@bitbucket.org:commonmedia/compass-solr-config.git
sudo mv compass-solr-config /opt/
sudo chown -Rv tomcat7:tomcat7 /opt/compass-solr-config
```
- Run the install script as the root user, which simply backs up the original configuration files to a safe location:
```
sudo sh /opt/compass-solr-config/install.sh
```

## Updating the solr config files:
Do this each time the solr config repo has updates that you need to deploy on this server.
- Run the update script as the root user:
```
sudo sh /opt/compass-solr-config/update.sh
```
